c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Agents.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Agents.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ArmouredSwordsmen.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ArmouredSwordsmen.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Army.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Army.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecs.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecs.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsArmy.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsArmy.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsCities.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsCities.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecsh.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecsh.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryGrenadiers.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryGrenadiers.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryMusketeers.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryMusketeers.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Cities.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Cities.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EasternScholar.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EasternScholar.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EmpireTotalWar.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EmpireTotalWar.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\England.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\England.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandArmy.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandArmy.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandAztecs.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandAztecs.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandCities.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandCities.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Gentleman.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Gentleman.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\h.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\h.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Imam.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Imam.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Isarelys.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Isarelys.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\KnightsTemplar.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\KnightsTemplar.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Landwehr.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Landwehr.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\LifeGuard.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\LifeGuard.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Medieval2TotalWar.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Medieval2TotalWar.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpire.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpire.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireAgents.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireAgents.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireArmy.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireArmy.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\P.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\P.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmy.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmy.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmyh.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmyh.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCities.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCities.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCitiesh.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCitiesh.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ProtestantMissionary.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ProtestantMissionary.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Prusia.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Prusia.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaAgents.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaAgents.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaArmy.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaArmy.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrussianJaegers.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrussianJaegers.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\SherwoodArchers.g.i.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\SherwoodArchers.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Agents.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ArmouredSwordsmen.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Army.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecs.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsArmy.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsCities.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecsh.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryGrenadiers.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryMusketeers.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Cities.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EasternScholar.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EmpireTotalWar.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\England.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandArmy.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandAztecs.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandCities.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Gentleman.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\h.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Imam.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Isarelys.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\KnightsTemplar.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Landwehr.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\LifeGuard.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Medieval2TotalWar.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpire.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireAgents.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireArmy.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\P.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmy.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmyh.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCities.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCitiesh.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ProtestantMissionary.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Prusia.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaAgents.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaArmy.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrussianJaegers.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\SherwoodArchers.xaml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Agents.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ArmouredSwordsmen.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Army.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecs.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\AztecsCities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Aztecsh.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryGrenadiers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\BeylikJanissaryMusketeers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Cities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EasternScholar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EmpireTotalWar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\England.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandAztecs.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\EnglandCities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Gentleman.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\h.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Imam.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Isarelys.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\KnightsTemplar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Landwehr.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\LifeGuard.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Medieval2TotalWar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpire.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireAgents.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\OtomanEmpireArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\P.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PArmyh.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PCitiesh.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ProtestantMissionary.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\Prusia.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaAgents.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrusiaArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\PrussianJaegers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\SherwoodArchers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Agents.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\ArmouredSwordsmen.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Army.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Aztecs.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\AztecsArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\AztecsCities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Aztecsh.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\BeylikJanissaryGrenadiers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\BeylikJanissaryMusketeers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Cities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\EasternScholar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\EmpireTotalWar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\England.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\EnglandArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\EnglandAztecs.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\EnglandCities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Gentleman.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\h.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Imam.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Isarelys.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\KnightsTemplar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Landwehr.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\LifeGuard.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Medieval2TotalWar.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\OtomanEmpire.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\OtomanEmpireAgents.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\OtomanEmpireArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\P.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\PArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\PArmyh.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\PCities.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\PCitiesh.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\ProtestantMissionary.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\Prusia.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\PrusiaAgents.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\PrusiaArmy.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\PrussianJaegers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\SherwoodArchers.xbf
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\TotalWar.xr.xml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\TotalWar.exe
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\TotalWar.pdb
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\bin\Debug\TotalWar.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\TotalWar.exe
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\TotalWar.pdb
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\davida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TotalWar\TotalWar\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
